unified RBAC: add EM in v1.0 (#16354)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/v1.0/api/rbacapplication-list-roleassignments.md

GET /roleManagement/directory/roleAssignments?$filter=roleDefinitionId eq '{roleDefinition id}'
```

To list role assignments for the entitlement management provider:

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
GET /roleManagement/entitlementManagement/roleAssignments?$filter=principalId eq '{principal id}'

GET /roleManagement/entitlementManagement/roleAssignments?$filter=roleDefinitionId eq '{roleDefinition id}'

GET /roleManagement/entitlementManagement/roleAssignments?$filter=appScopeId eq '/AccessPackageCatalog/{catalog id}'
```

## Query parameters

> This operation requires the `$filter` query parameter to query specific instances of role assignments. You can filter on the `roleDefinitionId` or `principalId` properties, or for the entitlement management provider, the `appScopeId` property. For the directory provider, the `roleDefinitionId` property can be either a role object ID or a **templateId**. For general information, see [OData query parameters](/graph/query-parameters).

Reviewer: Is this accurate?
```suggestion
This operation requires the `$filter` query parameter to query role assignments for the supported RBAC providers.
+ For the directory provider, you must filter on either the **roleDefinitionId** or **principalId** properties. The **roleDefinitionId** property can be either a role object ID or a value for the **templateId** property.
+ For the entitlement management provider, you must filter by the **appScopeId** property. 

For general information, see [OData query parameters](/graph/query-parameters).
```

}
```

> ### Example 3: Request using $filter for role assignments on an access package catalog and expand principal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Example 3: Request using $filter for role assignments on an access package catalog and expand the principal object
```
